# SSE-SEAL
Searchable Encryption with Adjustable Leakage
<br>
* The codes are implementation for the SEAL model proposed by Demertzis et al. [SEAL: Attack Mitigation for Encrypted Databases via Adjustable Leakage](https://www.usenix.org/system/files/sec20fall_demertzis_prepub.pdf). The model is based on the oblivious ram model called PathORAM and the oblivious data structures (oblivious dictionary). The codes contain the implementation for Oblivious Data Structures (AVL Tree-based Dictionary) as well as a oblivious access controller, serving as a wrapper.
* The codes will need to communicate with a relational database (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL, openGauss...) to see if such an SSE scheme could be used in real-world scenarios. For the connection to the remote database, please be sure the relevant libararies (e.g., mysql-connector libs) are installed correctly.

# The structure of the project:
```
>build          The build path which contains *.o and binary executable files
>include        The include path
--->client      
--->oram      
--->plog
--->proto
--->server
--->crypto
>input          The input dataset for remote database
>log            The log file automatically generated by PLOG library
>protos         The protobuffer3 file.
>src            The source file path.
--->client
--->oram
--->server
--->crypto
>test           The location of test*.cpp
---
```

# Usage
* GCC Compiler (or equivalent compilers) version 7.3.0 or higher;
* -std=c++17
* <del>mysql-connector-c++ 8.0 library</del>(not used) libpqxx for PostgreSQL-based openGauss database system.
  <br>
  For macOS users, you can install libpqxx by homebrew:
  ```shell
  brew install libpqxx
  ```
  which will automatically install all the required libraries and the headers in the homebrew path and link the libararies to /usr/local/lib.
  <br>
  For Ubuntu users, `apt-get` suffices.
  ```shell
  sudo apt-get install libpqxx-dev
  ```
* libsodium(github page is [here](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium))
  <br>
  Sodium library provides with cryptographically secure random generators, and it also gives us some public-key or private-key encryption interfaces.

* gRPC for remote process call. This is for the communication with the remote database. (We first issue request to remote processes rather than the remote database directly.)
  ```shell
  brew install grpc
  ```
  ```shell
  sudo apt-get install libgrpc-dev
  ```
* Dependencies on which gRPC relies. These may include `autoconf`, `automake`, `libtool`, `pkg-config`, etc. For more information, please refer to gRPC's official website: https://grpc.io.

1. To compile the project, please first locate to the directory by
```shell
cd <path/to/SEAL/directory>;
```
2. Then make the project by
```shell
export PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/usr/local/opt/openssl/lib/pkgconfig;
make all;
```
3. It will create the build directory, and object files and executable files are in the directory. You could run the program by
```shell
./build/run
```

# Notice
* The implementation codes are still under construction.
